Broadcasting from the beautiful Hill Country in Texas, this is OneRadioNetwork.com
Alrighty, very pleasant good morning to you. It's almost afternoon here, OneRadioNetwork.com
And this would be a Monday, the 16th of August. Patrick Timpone is my name, and the fellow
to your immediate left, the picture there is Dr. Ray Peat. He's here on the third Monday
of every month, around 11.30, but we're just a little bit late because of, oh, some technical
silly stuff that's been going on. But Ray Peat's a good one. He's very popular around here.
He's a PhD in biology, way back when, University of Oregon. And he specialized in physiology
and the schools he taught at included the University of Oregon, Urbana College, Montana
State University, National College of Naturopathic Medicine, Universidad de Veracruzanza in Mexico.
And he started his work with progesterone and related hormones in 1968, about the time
I started in radio, in '68. So he goes way back into physiological chemistry and physics
and dissertation, University of Oregon in '72, his ideas regarding progesterone and
hormones closely related to it. So he probably knows as much about progesterone and hormones
as anybody on planet Earth these days, and it's an honor to have him here. Dr. Ray Peat,
thanks for your patience in coming on this morning. We had a little thing. How are you,
sir?
Oh, very good.
You behaving yourself? Everything good there?
Yeah, we had two or three days of smoke from the fires to the east and south, but it's
cleared up now, so it's very, very nice.
So you're up there in Oregon, right? In Oregon?
Yeah.
Dr. Peat, I've been thinking about this idea of variants and mutants and stuff. So let
me just tell folks, if you'd like to ask a question, Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com. So
Dr. Ray Peat, if in fact there is a virus running around, forget the germ theory thing,
but just say there is some kind of a physical virus that people are exchanging with one
another. Let's take that as a premise. Do these, if they exist as they claim, Dr. Peat,
do viruses mutate and have variants and get stronger or weaker? What's your understanding
of how this works?
Yeah, for about 80 years, they were trying to make vaccines against the common cold,
most of which were coronaviruses. And the problem was as soon as they would get a vaccine
that would make you immune to the cold you had last season, the virus would change enough
that the vaccine didn't work. And so for all of these years, they were having failures
making vaccines that worked against coronaviruses. And someone came up with the idea that if
you made the crucially toxic part of a coronavirus and had your own body make that, that would
supposedly make you stay immune to some part of any virus of that family, no matter how
the rest of it changed. But that just isn't the way the immune system works. We do make
antibodies against everything, all the different parts, even the little piece of RNA they picked
out. Our bodies make a variety of antibodies. Supposedly, if it's pure, they would make
a certain range of antibodies. But that's only an extremely trivial, superficial part
of the immune system. The reason medical immunology got stuck on the idea that antibodies are
immunity is that the drug industry, Paul Ehrlich and his first mercury and then arsenic treatments
of syphilis were at the basis of, he called it the magic bullet. His theory of why his
patent medicine would kill a disease such as syphilis was that it was specific, absolutely
specific, a magic bullet that was only going to kill that organism and not hurt the rest
of your body. But of course, arsenic and mercury hurt everything, nothing specific or focused
about it, but it was his advertising campaign. The magic bullet is not only his patent medicine,
but he sold the idea that our immune systems work that way, that our antibodies are like
magic bullets that only attack one particular thing, the invading organism. But he shared
the Nobel Prize with an actual biologist who studied the ground level of the immune system,
and he said, "You know, I've been studying the phagocytes, which really think of the
invading material as potential food, but their real job is to maintain the continuity and
health of the organism, and they scrape up the invaders as part of their job of keeping
the organism healthy." But anyway, the money was behind Paul Ehrlich's magic bullet idea,
and that took off in medicine. We had magic bullet antibodies, which were the immune system,
and propagating it through medical schools supported by drug industry money wasn't enough.
He drove the concept by a series of Nobel Prizes to any sort of junk science that supported
the idea of specific antibodies as the essence of our immune system. So that stupid idea
to sell mercury and arsenic drugs, Paul Ehrlich's, got taken up all the way up to the Nobel Prize
committee.
So oftentimes they give a Nobel Prize to run out a particular meme that they want.
Always, I would say, with rare exceptions.
Well, didn't Cary Mullis get a Nobel Prize for the PCR test?
Yeah, that was so valuable to the industry. They thought he was a harmless crank.
So let me go back on the cold idea. So is it possible, though, that as many are now
out there talking about the Lanka, the Cowans, and many people, that colds and flus are simply
a detoxification process and that we're not catching some kind of a virus floating
through the air? I mean, do you think that's possible?
No. There's this other idea of detoxification. That's another medical industry trick
that goes back hundreds of years. The doctor would give you a poisonous toxin, a poisonous
remedy, and you would get sick when you took your mercury diuretic, for example. And the
medical story was you got sick. That's your body healing itself, throwing out the evil
substance that's making you sick. So you get sicker before you get better.
Which is the detox model, right?
Yeah, and it really hit its peak with the Herxheimer reaction, where in treating syphilis
they would almost kill you with mercury fumes. You would just fall apart. And they would
say, "That's the healing reaction. You're detoxifying." But it was 100 percent the poison
that they were giving you. And they said, "It's the germs dying and throwing off their
toxins." Or, "It's your body destroying the tumor, for example, and you're suffering the
detoxifying effect of getting that poisonous tumor or germs out of your body." But basically
that Herxheimer reaction is just an old medical trick to say, "We'll get you well, but you
have to get sick first."
So then you are of the mind that there is somewhere a unique communicable, potentially
-- well, the numbers aren't there for like .04 percent -- but you think that there is
some kind of virus called corona that is floating around that people are getting sick from?
Oh, yeah. They were working on that 80 years ago, but they didn't have electron micrograph
images of it to show that it had the corona attachments all around it, of the attachment
proteins. But it was an androgenically recognizable family of viruses.
The detoxifying idea has been put to the test in various ways. When cows are rounded up
to be slaughtered, they check the toxins, pesticides and things, in their urine and
their bloodstream. Some of these studies found that essentially 100 percent of them had circulating
toxins in their blood or urine. If they would stop poisoning them for just a day or two
when they were slaughtered, they found that the liver had none of the toxins, and that
the toxins were residing in the fat tissue mostly, somewhat in the muscle tissue. But
the liver, as the organ of detoxification, was essentially 100 percent clean in these
well-poisoned animals. If you just reduced the inflow of poison, the liver was passively
working on expelling it from the body, putting it out in the urine.
And what were they poisoning them with?
The herbicides and insecticides, things that are used in producing their food and keeping
insects off their skin and so on.
Well, isn't it possible, though, that then we could be poisoning ourselves with different
things, chemicals and bad food and bad thinking, to create the flu and the cold?
Oh, those things all contribute. The environment is full of toxic junk, varying as industry
finds new poisons to sell. So those are factors in everything. But the type of cold or flu
going around has statistical properties. A certain type will predominate in a large part
of the people in a certain flu season. The next flu season, it will be slightly different.
So is it possible, though, that these things that are circling around are in fact exosomes
that are created in the body that people are sharing?
Oh, sure, sure. That's where woodpeckers come from.
Well, see, that's what I'm thinking. I mean, where else would they come from? They
have to come from us, right?
Yes, or other higher organisms. A virus doesn't just make itself. It's structured.
So what would be another higher organism?
Oh, well, the standard theory is bats and pigs and monkeys and all sorts of animals
that are under stress are going to be putting out more of their exosomes or viruses. But
it depends on how those stressed animals interact. A stressed pig farm, for example, is a powerful
source of exosomes or so-called pig viruses.
So exosomes and viruses are the same thing, essentially?
Well, no one has suggested a better explanation for where they come from.
Yeah, how can a virus originate without the elaborate organisms that have the machinery
for constructing these little encapsulated bits of nucleic acid?
So we're sharing these exosomes and then people that are stressed out or poisoned or
in fear or whatever, they can have a reaction to the exosomes that we're sharing.
Yeah. So a person who falls down the stairs, for example, is going to have damaged tissues
and will put out an alarm to make exosomes for all kinds of things. So some of the cold
or influenza-like exosomes might have been sitting around harmlessly that they picked
up, maybe even in a previous season. But with the trauma that loosens things up, then among
many different, hundreds of different exosome types that the trauma brings on, then they
might bring up influenza or herpes or...
Whatever, right. So then the whole vaccine idea has kind of just done some work. I mean,
how would they protect Ray Peat from Patrick's exosomes if you and I had lunch or something?
Make sure you eat a good lunch, well-nourished, have a glass of milk and a little coffee and
orange juice.
God, so there's so... Man, it's just so fascinating what's going on here. So the idea that there
is a COVID-19 thing and now it's changing and it's something else called a delta, that
just doesn't fly, does it? I mean, it doesn't work, does it?
Well, there are thousands of variations. You can start giving them names. I think, how
can you even test for something that's changing so fast? If they have five major variants
now with their different names, who's testing to see if one of those is making you sick
or not?
Yeah, and then to create a vaccine for that would be just... I mean, it's just incomprehensible,
isn't it?
Yeah, but even once you accept the idea that a vaccine can prevent one particular kind
of influenza, for example, there were several studies a couple of years ago looking at people
who were vaccinated for influenza the previous season and this season when they got a respiratory
infection, they checked for what type of pathogen was present and they found there were fewer
people with the influenza pathogen, but many more with the coronavirus causing their respiratory
disease. So it's been known, well documented a couple of years ago, but it's been known
for decades that every time you activate your immune system, you are narrowing its range.
Just on the level of antibodies, people don't realize that when you say you introduce a
piece of ground up slurry of pork roast and produce antibodies to pork roast, those antibodies
circulate in your body and the same thing that recognized the pork roast recognizes
your new antibodies to pork roast and will produce antibodies to those, and those are
something that wasn't there before. You'll produce antibodies to those. So every time
you produce antibodies, you don't just stop with those antigen antibodies, but you create
waves of reactions forming antibodies to the antibodies and antibodies to those. Just the
antibody people have a grossly fantasy-based idea of what they're doing. You're disrupting
the system far down the line in somewhat unpredictable ways, but you're occupying that part of your
immunity and draining energy and potential, developmental potential of your whole organism
is being drained down into that chain of antibody reactions.
It's August 16th. Patrick Timpone, OneRadioNetwork.com. We're talking with PhD Dr. Ray Peat. So let's
see. So all mammals, we're all producing exosomes in our body and we're always breathing
them out and breathing them in and everybody's sharing them?
Yeah.
Kind of?
And the purpose of that is to what? Why did God and nature, why are we doing this?
It's probably some sort of a biological cooperative self-sustaining and balancing ecological process.
An ecosystem, the ecosystem achieves some stability, meaning that your environment is
being detected not just through what eats what, but through what subtly modifies.
Each organism, if we modify it a little bit, it's almost like a genetic update that we
share with each other.
Yeah, a complex sensing of your environment, not just what you ate for breakfast.
So do you think this is how the species evolved this far? We've been doing this for a million
years?
Yeah. Since the 1940s and 50s, people have been seeing this sharing of genes horizontally
as a very powerful part of evolution and maintenance of our physiology and ecosystems.
So allopathic medicine went wrong when Pasteur cooked the books and developed the idea that
these viruses come from somewhere else and we needed to kill them?
Oh, basically, yeah. That idea that it's all reducible to one pathogen, or the pathogen
is always just part of a complex ecological process. For example, if you don't have enough
food, then the dirt in your environment is going to become a potential pathogen.
Then why do some people get flu symptoms once a year or whatever, or cold symptoms? What's
the difference between those that do and those that don't?
Partly there's a tough period when the immune system is being adjusted and the farther out
of a balanced society and ecosystem we are, the harder those challenges are. So probably
there were cultures and societies in which people didn't even notice having childhood
sicknesses. But then for several generations, the childhood sicknesses took care of most
of the epidemics and those things got more specialized and deranged than those things
that were managed in a subtle way, more or less unnoticed. Those things started creating
bigger imbalances of epidemics and then you would get a childhood disease that would run
its course for two or three generations and then fade out. All of the famous childhood
diseases that existed in the period of vaccinology, they had all run their statistical course
rising, peaking, fading away to almost nothing by the time the vaccines came in. Then the
vaccines took credit for the natural history of our adjustment to our environment.
So even polio virus, people argue, that it wasn't some obscure virus that just appeared
and made people sick, that it was all about people getting poisoning, I think, with DDT
and other things.
Yeah, that besides the fact that the hypodermic needle was invented a couple hundred years
ago and doctors found that they could more easily monopolize drug treatments instead
of making a tea out of your drugs. They would make a potion and then inject it into you.
So medicine took over the idea of treating by injection and the paralytic polio, if you
can find on the internet, a lot of good historical articles showing no matter what the doctors
were injecting, the paralytic polio would concentrate on whichever part of the body
received the injection. Even injected vitamins would predispose that arm or leg to become
paralyzed.
So if you were perfectly healthy, I mean the most healthy person on the planet, and you
breathed in some exosomes from me that, I don't know, that I was trying to update
your genome, I mean, you couldn't die from it, right?
No, no, I don't worry about the epidemics and especially COVID.
I haven't had a cold for, I don't remember how long the last time was, 40 years maybe.
Same here with me. So then the whole COVID thing was really just made up, the idea of
COVID-19, it was just made up.
Yeah, there are several very good investigators with an hour or more explanation on the internet
David Martin, as one goes into the history, Michael Yeadon, very recently had an hour
full interview in which he dissects the official story, shows that no part of the official
pandemic story and vaccine story has any basis in fact. Absolutely no part of it is what
they say it is.
So if you wanted to not get a genetic update from one another, would a mask block those
exosomes?
Very slightly.
But why would you or don't we need the updates from everybody?
Basically, it's beneficial to get your little exosome updates.
So then, so the whole vaccine thing from day one is just not right.
Yeah, all the way back, the one vaccine that was used for hundreds or thousands of years
turned out to be used in an organized way, the smallpox vaccine, finally having eradicated
it in most of the countries of the world, they finally got together and used the vaccine
in an intelligent way, finding outbreaks, closing in, encircling those outbreaks and
using the vaccination only in those areas until there was no more smallpox left in the
world.
But that wasn't at all good for the vaccine industry.
There was no more need for a smallpox vaccine when they used it intelligently to eliminate
that particular strain of the problem.
So where did this smallpox molecule come from?
It had to come from humans at some point, right?
From cows.
Wow.
So do you think that somebody could create some kind of a make-believe virus in a lab,
you know, the whole China-Wuhan thing, somehow release it in the air, I don't know, and
then people could share it?
Is that possible?
It doesn't sound illogical, does it?
I mean...
The U.S. Department of Defense, they adopted the biological toxin researchers, both from
Japan and Nazi Germany at the end of the war, or even during the war, and created their
own ongoing biological warfare lab, which nominally Richard Nixon terminated with destruction
of the germ warfare material, supposedly in 1969.
But through the 1940s, for example, the army in Boston in particular, and Fort Detrick,
and two or three test sites around the country, they were testing aerosols of many different
organisms, including the potential of aerosolizing polio.
And one of the people working on that project became paralyzed and dropped out of the military
program of aerosol germ research, and went back to the University of Mississippi to teach
medicine, and wrote the most famous, extremely ignorant physiology textbook, A.C. Guyton,
the most famous medical book in history.
But he turned to textbook writing because he was unable to continue his work in germ
warfare research.
But that was the business for 20 or 30 years of our government, creating aerosols to see
how effective it was to spread, disabling bacteria and viruses and other things.
Was it deemed to be effective?
I mean, do they live out there floating around?
No, they weren't controllable enough.
The ones that were really put to use were the crop diseases, fungus, for example, to
destroy crops in the country you wanted to knock out.
Oh, if you want to kill somebody's crop that you were one of your enemies.
Yeah.
So to really get something poisonous in your body, you almost have to get it injected.
Or in your food.
Eat it.
Take it in.
They have carcinogenic bacteria, for example, that are a combination of a viral nucleic acid
and the bacteria to make it spreadable through food so it can give you cancer of the digestive
system very quickly and predictably.
So that's a little poison that you have to ingest.
Yeah.
Those have been put to use at least as attempted assassination tools.
If I epatrachate one of those guys, could I breathe it out and share it with somebody
else through the air?
That particular bacteria, I think, was not very spreadable through the air.
So the whole China virus, Wuhan thing, is there any there there?
Well, the intent was there.
We know what Ralph Berrick was doing in Fort Dedrick, at least on the surface, the things
he admitted.
And what he admitted are horrendously criminal.
And so you have to wonder if classified things might not have been even worse than designing
viruses intended to attack humans.
Things that you took out of bats and modified, added parts of other genetic material and
engineered the genes until they were able to infect human beings.
That's what Ralph Berrick's contribution idea was.
But we haven't really seen any evidence, have we, Dr. Peat, of using Koch's postulates
or autopsies, you know, proving that something has killed people during this whole COVID
thing the last two years?
No.
When someone dies, you can test their lungs or blood, and you can often find several different
things that are potentially harmful enough to contribute to their death.
Sometimes you can't find any cause of the influenza-like condition.
Sometimes it's because your intestine, under stress, leaked toxins, and it's simply the
bacterial toxins from your own intestine that killed you and created influenza-like symptoms.
So if a person is dying from stress and endotoxemia, and you happen to find some of the COVID organisms
in their nose, for example, you can't say that that was the cause of death when there
are so many other unexamined potential causes.
But running with the whole exosome idea, and then some people are getting their exosome
genetic update, and they have a lot of comorbidities, and their terrain is poisoned, they could
really get sick, potentially die, right?
Yeah.
Would this be a form of kind of natural selection kind of thing, where the weak survive?
Where the weak survive?
I mean, where the strong survive.
Oh, yeah, I suppose.
As people age, in our present types of environment, we accumulate things that weaken our resistance
in general.
Yes.
Not just the immune system, but all of our adaptive things.
Polyunsaturated fats and iron happen to, each one triggers in different ways our attempt
to adapt and survive.
But those attempts to adapt and survive cause us to take up more of the iron and PUFA into
our systems, and so it becomes a self-propelling decay process, just because of the nature
of our defensive reactions interacting with the environments that provide too much iron
and too much PUFA.
Kind of the classic model for aging in planet Earth these days.
Yeah.
That seems to be it.
Thank you.
Dr. Ray P. Patrick Timpone, OneRadioNetwork.com.
What do you think?
We're going to get to your questions now, and it's an honor to be here with you.
It's 16 August 2021 on OneRadioNetwork.com.
We've known Daniel Vitalis for about 12 years or so.
He has a great company called Sir Thrival.
One of his products is kind of the flagship product, the Pine Pollen, and it's on sale
for the next couple of weeks or so.
If you use promo code RESTORE20, 20% off on all Pine Pollen products.
And here's Daniel to give you a little heads up on some insights into this wonderful product.
The first supplement I like to take in the morning right after I wake up is Pine Pollen
Pure Potency, or P4.
This is Sir Thrival's flagship testosterone and androgen support formula.
It's made with the pollen of pine trees, which is rich in testosterone, androstenedione,
DHEA, and a bunch of plant sterols.
These are all substances, phytochemicals, that support the body's natural androgens
or male hormones.
Of course, men and women are using this product, but usually it's men in andropause.
Men after age 40 whose testosterone production has started to decline.
Many of Sir Thrival's supplements can be taken any time of day, but Pine Pollen Pure Potency,
it's important that you take at very specific times of the day.
Now it can be taken once, twice, or three times, depending on how much you want to supplement
yourself with the phytoandrogens found in it.
But the key is taking it at morning, right upon waking, midday or noon, and then again
right before bed.
So once, twice, or three times a day, but always at those times.
And that's because that's when your body's naturally producing its own testosterone.
And all we want to do is amplify that sign wave.
We don't want to start to take testosterone at a time where our body's purged it from
the bloodstream.
Instead, we want to take it at a time where those levels are already spiking and we're
just subtly helping to increase them.
This product tastes fantastic.
I think of it like an orange creamsicle, and that's because in addition to that subtle
pine flavor, there's a little bit of orange peel, Tahitian vanilla bean, cloves, and then
a little bit of maple syrup just to give it this nice kind of sweet orange flavor.
So it's really delicious and easy to take.
So if you're looking to increase your testosterone or androgen levels, and you want an alternative
to pharmaceutical testosterone replacement therapies, there's nothing that does it better
than Pine Pollen Pure Potency.
Pine Pollen Pure Potency, that's my fave.
I ordered three bottles of these guys and just received them a couple of days ago.
You can get a little three-pack and I think you get a deal there, or you can sign up for
AutoShip, and that's a fun way to do it.
Dr. Peat has talked about it'd be good for all of us to take a little bit of vitamin
D3.
By the way, the Pine Pollen, again, I want to mention promo code, "RESTORE20," 20% off
for the next couple of weeks.
This is a wonderful product, vitamin D3K2 product.
Vitamin D3K2.
Check out the ingredients.
It's sourced from lanolin, natto, suspended in olive oil.
It's a proprietary blend of aloe vera, leaf, goji fruit, shilajit, and flavored with peppermint.
I mean, is that cool or what?
You know, I mean, come on.
How about that for ingredients?
So it's vitamin D3K2 and with these lights I can't really see, but I think it's just,
I think one drop, two drops give you, again, I can't see if I put on my, put on my, my
pinhole glasses.
I got these lights, make you crazy.
I wanted to tell you what you get here on the, on the thing.
Yeah, one serving, two drops, wow, that's four, almost 5,000 units, just two drops,
5,000 units a day.
Don't you love pinhole glasses?
Like, like Stevie Wonder.
So it's pretty cool.
Just two drops, 5,000 units, which is probably all you could, all you need.
I think that's what, I'll come back and I'll ask him.
I think that's what Dr. Peat suggests.
It's a pretty good thing to do.
So check it out.
Restore 20 for the pine pollen.
Don't forget all the other great things with Cervo Thrival.
We have the colostrum, the digestive bitters, the elk velvet antler, the shaga, the reishi,
good stuff, all in myron glass, great product.
We've known Daniel for a long time, so it's the real deal.
So check it out right now on OneRadioNetwork.com.
Have you heard about hydrogen, baby?
This conversation goes back seven years with Dr. Patrick Flanagan.
Listen.
And then I discovered that HUNZA water also contained negative ionized hydrogen,
which is a source of biological electrons.
When we're young, we have enzymes in our body called dehydrogenase.
And the purpose of dehydrogenase is to lift off hydrogen ions from the foods we eat.
And their purpose is to create NADH, which is a chemical that acts as a shuttle in the mitochondria
for producing all the energy in our body, adenosine triphosphate.
And when people take this, it causes DNA repair.
It heals the body from all kinds of oxygen-free radicals.
It also helps the body recover from damage from radiation.
Well, we certainly want some of this stuff, right?
Check out our AquaCure machine.
AquaCure machine on OneRadioNetwork.com.
Lifetime warranty.
And along with the lifetime warranty, a one-year, no questions asked, money-back guarantee.
If you don't like your results, breathe the gas, bubble the water.
Listen to what Dr. Flanagan has to say about this and others.
The AquaCure machine on OneRadioNetwork.com.
Use promo code OneRadio.
10% discount.
From the Hill Country in Texas, broadcasting worldwide, this is OneRadioNetwork.com.
I'm talking with Dr. Ray Peat.
Dr. Flanagan has to say about this.
Oh, we can get Dr. Peat's newsletter.
It's rayPeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
Plural, rayPeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
So before we go to the questions, I'm curious, you see some of these old kind of historical,
you know, Jane Austen kind of shows, Dr. Peat.
And oftentimes the characters will, you know, get ill or flu or colds when they get weather changes
and they get chilled and things like that.
So can you explain why that is?
Yeah, I'm sure it's all suggestion.
In Mexico, especially in the 1950s and 60s, it was still a very powerful thing.
I knew people who were perfectly healthy, but while they were taking a shower,
the hot water would run out and they would get a brief episode of cold water
and they would immediately get cold symptoms.
Eating a cold popsicle, for example, was reputed to bring on the cold.
Just sucking on a piece of ice, people were conditioned to believe that just because of the concept of cold.
You would get a cold or flu or something.
Yeah, and so there was a fear of night air.
Women, they would keep the windows closed on a bus even when it was too hot inside.
And women in the evening would put their ribosome around their mouth,
covering up their mouth and nose so they didn't breathe the cool night air.
So it was mostly a mind thing, mostly a suggestion.
I'm convinced of that.
Wow. Before we go to the emails, I want to ask you about ivermectin.
Years ago, Dr. Ray Peat, we talked with a lady by the name of Kerry Rivera,
who was in Mexico, and I think it was 12 years ago when we first heard about ivermectin.
And she was having great success with giving the autistic kids ivermectin.
And she said it was because it was getting rid of parasites.
Wow. What do you make of all of the people that have some kind of symptoms that they think is COVID,
taking ivermectin and feeling better?
It's also anti-inflammatory.
And hydroxychloroquine, it's slightly anti-inflammatory.
Everything that helps, I think, really is correcting the basic problem of that type of infection,
which is inflammation leading to fibrosis.
And if those are extreme, leading to clotting, inflammation and clotting in the long run promote fibrosis.
But when we do an anti-inflammatory like ivermectin or turmeric and other things,
isn't inflammation a symptom of a deeper cause?
Why would getting rid of the inflammation, it doesn't get to the cause, does it?
Yeah, basically the spike protein covers, if you have enough of it,
it covers up enough of our ACE2 enzymes, which are the anti-inflammatory part of the endotoxin system.
And so if you swamp our anti-inflammatory system,
then you open the way for the intestine to leak endotoxin into the circulatory system,
leading to the activation of the enzymes that turn polyunsaturated fats into prostaglandins
that create the explosive storm of inflammatory materials.
Hmm, wow, wow. So it's anti-inflammatory, you think that's why the ivermectin helps people feel better?
Yeah, aspirin, all of the safe, old anti-inflammatory drugs can have a radically curing effect.
And since coagulation problems lead to the stroke and various embolisms and heart problems and so on,
also the anti-coagulation effect of aspirin following its anti-inflammatory action,
those all contribute to knocking out the disease at its heart.
Since our last conversation a month ago, have you had any updates on what you've learned about these injections
and what's going on with them? Can you add anything further?
No, I don't think there's anything new, except the claim that people who were fully vaccinated
are now being reinfected by a different variant.
I suspect that that's a way of covering up the harm done by the vaccine itself.
If you have thousands and thousands of fully vaccinated people getting very sick,
you don't want to blame that lingering after-effects of sickness, you don't want to blame it on the vaccine.
So you say the vaccine is just weak, that way you can sell a third vaccine.
Yeah, Foshee's already talking about, you know, we're going to need these boosters for a long time to come.
Yeah, about a year ago, people at Pfizer were saying, "Gee, if we could find a way to sell a third vaccine,
here's how many billion dollars we could make from a third one."
So they got the FDA to approve the idea of a third one, partly on the basis that the sick,
vaccinated people are being reinfected because of the weakness of the vaccine,
rather than suffering the side effects of the vaccine.
And we're seeing so many different videos out from nurses and doctors that are saying that the people that are sick are the vax,
not the unvax, as we're being told.
And it's just hard to believe anything that you see out there these days.
Yeah, if you look back right from the start of February of 2020, everything turns out to be a lie.
Yeah, to make it all up.
Well, let's get into some emails. Thanks for being here, as always, sir.
This is Thomas. He's in Sweden. Wow.
I managed to get my hands on some progesterone cream, which I've applied to my head and my neck, temples, and forehead a few weeks ago,
and I started to feel like there's been some real positive changes with my migraines that have been going on for a very long time.
A little clear-headed.
However, I've slowly started to get more and more problems with sensitive teeth and irritable gums,
and I haven't really changed anything else.
So I wonder if the progesterone cream could be the reason. And just in general, what does Dr. Peat suggest when it comes to these issues in my mouth?
So he took the progesterone cream, started to get relief from migraines, but now he's having some issues with his teeth and in his mouth.
The problem with migraine starts at the nutritional and hormonal level,
and sometimes just a dose or two of progesterone can activate your thyroid to the point that it regulates your digestive and nutritional processes
and takes care of the migraines permanently.
Other times, the progesterone might be enough to alleviate the headache, but not to get your thyroid and digestion back on track.
And so it's really important to look at problems in your diet and check your temperature and pulse.
And do some of your blood tests for TSH and vitamin D in particular.
Your vitamin D, did you, have we heard you say about 5,000 units a day is good?
Yeah, that's a good one.
Almost always in the long run, that's effective and not too much.
And how about dosage on the progesterone? Can you give a general idea of what people could start with, progesterone cream?
Yeah, 40 years ago, there were two times that I happened to have a full-blown migraine when I had progesterone at the end,
and taking 100 milligrams of it, within two or three minutes, the headache totally disappeared.
And in one of those cases, I got the migraine from not realizing that the fluoridated water was knocking out my T3 thyroid supplement.
So watching my thyroid more carefully and my diet, I didn't need it anymore.
But for a man, 100 milligrams of progesterone is a very powerful dose that will usually knock out even a migraine.
Women, if their estrogen is extremely high, sometimes won't get an effect from a dose as big as 100 milligrams.
For them, it's important to start correcting right at the foundation with your thyroid and your avoiding irritating foods.
And then ongoing though, for men and women, you're more in the 50 range or 25 milligrams?
Yeah, daily 20 or 30 milligrams during the luteal phase of their cycle. That's considered a full replacement dose.
Similar with pregnenolone, about 20 or 30 milligrams per day for both men and women will help to keep the stress hormones down.
Here is Marion. Oh, Marion says, "I received it for many years and now I can't. How can I get it again?"
Ray Peat's newsletter. So it's rayPeatsnewsletter.com, right? Gmail.com.
Right, there's an S after the T.
raypeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
Okay. Here is a long-time listener. Thanks for having Dr. Peat on.
I'm 72, not seen a doctor in over 40 years. I'm seeking a solution to remedy prostate inflammation issues.
Have you historically, have you without giving medical advice, found a supplement that is really effective?
There are way too many best number one products out there to try. Best regards from Michael.
So, you know, prostate inflammation.
Yeah, working on your system in general to reduce inflammation. The first thing is to make sure you aren't going into a stress condition every night.
And keeping your blood sugar steady is essential for that. And you need good nutrition, plenty of calcium relative to phosphate, enough vitamin D to handle the calcium,
which keeps your energy system running, supporting the thyroid function. And the thyroid, vitamin D, and calcium are sort of a kernel of energy support substances
that will steady your blood sugar and keep down the inflammatory processes in general.
So that's why you like orange juice and vitamin and milk because they're both calcium, high calcium?
Well, in the case of orange juice, there are many anti-inflammatory substances in the orange juice.
The potassium and sugar are a big part of reducing the inflammation, but these bioflavonoids of the orange are very powerful, reducing the inflammation caused by iron and plastic laminins, for example.
And how do we get to this too much iron? Where does it come from?
For example, meat, fish, shellfish, grains are fairly bad sources for iron, but mostly meat, fish, and shellfish.
One class of shellfish is very low in iron. The shrimp, crab, lobster, scallop, squid type are high in copper and low in iron.
So scallops have got a lot of copper rather than iron, so that's a good choice. They taste good too. But if you like fish, can you put something on the fish to balance out the high iron in them?
Having coffee with your meat or fish helps to block the absorption of the iron.
Really? What's in the coffee?
Partly it's the phosphate, but a lot of the polyphenols are similar to what's in orange juice. Tea and coffee have a group of chemicals that are very good for blocking iron absorption.
Where do fish get all that iron? Just swimming around in the ocean, doc?
Yeah, if they have red blood, they have to have iron. And shellfish like squid and scallops...
And lobster, they've got the blue blood, right?
Yeah, they have blue copper-based blood.
How about oysters?
They happen to accumulate very large amounts of iron as well as copper.
Oh, they do? So if you do these at night, they could disrupt sleep, right?
Yeah. All of the things that are potential excitants, the presence of iron risks excitatory excess and that facilitates the uptake of calcium, which is another excitation sustainer.
And together with aging, the tissues take up a mixture of calcium sulfate and iron.
Is there any other thing you could take other than coffee to balance the iron if you had to have fish at night?
The vegetable substances, some of the things in orange juice like ascorbic acid stimulate iron absorption.
The bioflavonoids, which you can get from many other fruits and vegetables, block iron absorption.
I see. Just learned my husband writes, "Vicky, who's 68, has type 2 diabetes with a sugar level of 199.
From your treatment experience, what can we do to get his levels back to normal without taking drugs?
He doesn't eat sweets and he walks. But thanks for having Dr. Peat on your show."
The things that reduce stress and inflammation help to get oxidation of sugar going.
And vitamin D and calcium are crucial in that.
Vitamin D and calcium to help reduce stress.
Working to keep your mitochondria responding to the thyroid hormone so that they can oxidize glucose.
Dr. Peat, thank you for being on the show.
So are you suggesting that I get my TSH level below 1 and keep upping my thyroid medication or my pig thyroid they're using until I get there?
There was one study in which they found in relation to their TSH scores, they found that the higher the TSH in the group was, the more risk of thyroid cancer they had.
And in a group completely without thyroid cancer, they were below 0.4 on the TSH scale.
And the areas that are supplemented with iodine, even the salt, the amount of iodine in salt is sometimes several times higher than our requirement for iodine.
And in those populations, thyroid disease and thyroid cancer is very seriously increased just from that slight chronic antithyroid effect of the chronic excess iodine.
So that's why you're not supported as long as I've talked to you.
I believe you don't like taking supplemental iodine at all.
You think it's unnecessary.
And dangerous.
And dangerous. Wow.
And so what if we're doing this, I think it's just pure salt.
I think it's the, what do they call it?
You know what I mean? It's a Morton salt, but it's pickling and canning, right?
Oh yeah, that's what I use.
That's what you use, yeah. So there's no iodine in there. There's a little, there's enough, but it's not too much?
Yeah, there were studies a few decades ago of the Americans' iodine intake, and because of the iodized salt and other use of iodine in food additives, there was essentially no iodine deficiency in the U.S., but lots of iodine excess.
Lots of excess, wow.
I can remember the days when we used to talk to Dr. Hal Huggins, remember him?
Great guy with the mercury fillings and all that.
And he claimed that people that were on the pickling and canning had much better, he called them blood chemistries, over many years that he looked at, than people that are on sea salt and all these different salts.
Yeah, it's very clean stuff.
It's clean stuff, yeah. And it's cheap too. What is it, a buck and a half or two bucks for a big box of it?
Yeah, I think it's over two pounds for a really big box.
And so it's just pure salt, nothing else?
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
Here's an email, "I'm a middle-aged guy with high fasting blood sugar and I start eating nutritious foods that are recommended by Dr. Peat and also supplements thyroid to increase the metabolic rate. What would happen to his fasting blood sugar level? Would it decrease to what it considered normal or would it stay elevated because high blood sugar has a protective function in middle and old age?"
Let's see, what's he asking here? If a middle-aged guy with high fasting blood sugar starts eating nutritious foods recommended, hmm, do you know what he's asking?
Well, as your body temperature goes up and your thyroid function and vitamin D go up, your parathyroid hormone goes down and parathyroid hormone is an antagonist to oxidative respiratory metabolism.
And so by suppressing your parathyroid hormone, you're freeing up your oxidative thyroid ability to oxidize glucose.
And so your body temperature is likely to increase under the influence of calcium, vitamin D and thyroid and getting enough salt is part of that, salting your food to taste.
And so your body temperature goes up and you're using the glucose, so it really doesn't matter very much what your average blood glucose is as long as you don't drop it too low.
So, what would be going on if your, say your body temperature was 98 in the morning, which seems reasonable and your TSH is still high? What would you go, how would you go from there?
Checking your temperature later in the day after eating and your pulse rate, lots of people will wake up with a 98 degree temperature and sometimes their pulse rate will be slower or fast.
But after eating a good breakfast, including plenty of carbohydrates, their temperature will often fall very low.
I've seen it go from 98 down to 96 by 11 o'clock in the morning.
And that means that their temperature at waking was held up by the stress hormones, mostly cortisol, sometimes a mixture of cortisol and adrenaline, which you can tell by the pulse rate as well as the temperature.
And then getting your blood sugar up by eating enough carbohydrate lowers the cortisol and/or adrenaline and you'll see that in the absence of stress, your body temperature is very low.
So, in an ideal world, our body temperature is around 98.6 all the time?
No, it should drop low at 2 in the morning or so when you're deeply asleep.
But then it should quickly pop right up to 98.6 after breakfast and stay right in that vicinity, that's oral temperature, right up until around sunset when it starts dropping again.
Who was the fellow, Dr. Peat, that really did the whole Broda-Barnes?
I mean, he went through a whole thing where he didn't want you to move much and everything and just as quietly as possible get your awaking temperature.
But that's kind of counter indication of what you said about checking it after breakfast.
Oh yeah, he relied just on that one measurement.
I noticed in Eugene during a hot, humid summer, extremely hypothyroid people kept up a normal temperature all through the day just because the air was 90 degrees or so and even if they died, it would take them a while to cool off.
So you have to take into account the pulse rate and the effect of food and the time of day and look at the whole picture.
In all your experience over many years on the thyroid, which you've studied a lot, even in men and women, a pulse rate of what would be kind of like what you want to kind of look for, work your way towards?
A healthy, youngish person at rest, anywhere between 18 and 40, it's good to have your resting pulse at 80 or 85.
Is that right? Wow.
It's difficult for me to imagine that for myself because I'm at 60 all the time, you know.
But you think I could get to 80 as I get healthier or my thyroid gets healthier, but actually move up and I wouldn't feel all stressed out?
Yeah, when your TSH and your parathyroid hormone are both at the bottom of the scale, that means your cells are running autonomously at a higher rate.
At a higher energy level.
And so just sitting at rest, you're burning a lot of sugar and oxygen that will keep your temperature and pulse rate up.
And why is it good to have that pulse rate there? What's it telling you?
You're making carbon dioxide at a high rate and running energy through the system.
As you increase mitochondrial oxidation, you decrease free radical oxidation.
A low thyroid person who isn't producing much heat or CO2 will even at rest be churning out the lipid peroxidizing type of oxides.
And as you run the mitochondrion faster, burning sugar, producing CO2 and making heat, you will turn off the pro-inflammatory lipid peroxidizing random electrons.
They're being sucked up by the properly used oxygen.
Women generally have a faster pulse rate than men, right?
Yeah, the heart is smaller.
Oh, really? So they generally have, is it 5 to 10 beats more than men?
Something like that.
Here's an email from Labby, great name. "Hi Dr. Peat, I'd like to utilize aspirin due to your information about it since I take it quite often.
What are benefits to getting in a bulk as opposed to tablets from the store?
Do they contain excipients that the bulk aspirin does not?"
Oh, sure, there's usually paraffin, sometimes talc in the tablet.
Until I was able to get the bulk, I would always pour boiling water over an aspirin tablet and let it disintegrate so that the paraffin would float to the surface and the talc would sink to the bottom.
Wow, so just a little bear, they have these little excipients in there?
Bear aspirin in the tablets?
The cleanest aspirins were usually the ones you get with the supermarket's brand name.
No kidding.
The fewest harmful excipients, but you can get a clean USP, just the same quality of aspirin that you would get in the tablets, but you can in bulk, sold for horses for example.
Then you can trust that it doesn't have the excipients.
And then aspirin, do you take it fairly regularly and what does it do for you?
I try to remember to take some every night.
Really? How many milligrams?
About 300.
It would be like one bear, right?
Yeah.
And what does that do, help you sleep?
I just do it on general principles.
Just general principles. So aspirin is pretty interesting, is it really from the willow bark thing? Is that where it came from?
It's the same stuff that they used to get from natural sources like bark, but the stuff you buy is even cleaner.
It's a very simple chemical that doesn't have manufacturing impurities like a lot of chemicals do.
An emailer says, "Wasn't Samuel Hahnemann one of the first doctors to challenge the detoxification theory?"
Oh, with the homeopathy?
Yeah, the homeopathy guy.
Yeah, the basic orientation was that you trusted your immune system to do the right thing.
When I was about 10 years old, I read some of the old homeopathy books my grandparents had and saw that homeopathy in that sense was very sensible.
It just meant not intervening with toxic chemicals like mercury and arsenic, which had been very, very common.
Women were commonly given arsenic because of supposed anemia.
And in general, is aspirin anti-inflammatory?
Aspirin, yes, very important.
Anti-inflammatory.
Here's one. "Is Tupelo honey good for diabetics? It's one of the only honeys based on fructose."
Oh, no. I think all honey is roughly half fructose and half glucose.
The thing with honey you have to watch out for is whether the bees were eating industrial chemicals or allergens.
The allergen that the bee eats can be passed into the honey.
And with bees, you don't really know exactly what's going on and what they're eating, do you?
I mean, they claim some honey is organic, but how do they know where they go?
You have to have lots of land devoted to organic farming before you can tell that the bees have a range of how far they can fly.
They can go quite a distance, but after a speed, they have a definite radius for every hive.
I think that New Zealand has some good standards that they claim that some of the best where you got to have like five or ten miles or something of no chemicals and stuff.
Here is Mark. He's taking 30,000 milligrams of D every day, vitamin D and K combo in an MCT oil.
The results have been really amazing.
I'm almost 63 and work full days on the hot South Carolina heat.
I've also been able to reduce my needed sleep time from two to six hours a night.
So do you think that this D3 is hormone boosting and really I should continue if I'm having a good result?
You should have an occasional blood test if you're taking large amounts like that.
I don't know of a toxic level being reached with 30,000 per day, but it's conceivable.
So maybe twice a year would be good to check your level.
And then if you get out in the sun a lot, I guess it would be reasonable to think that you could get too much, right?
No, no, no one is known to have raised their vitamin D from the sun to a dangerous point.
People working shirtless in the sun hours a day will typically have well over 100, 150 is common for on the blood test.
But it's not a problem though. It's not a problem.
Not at all.
Could you please ask Dr. Peat what diet does he suggest for losing weight that isn't only milk and orange juice?
Milk and orange juice is good. I like it.
You can throw in an occasional egg and scallop and be sure to have fiber, raw carrot or cooked mushrooms or bamboo shoots or oat bran cereals, for example.
And how about gaining weight? What if you want to gain some pounds? What are foods to eat there? That's my job.
Usually with men in particular, the inability to put on a normal amount of mass, especially muscle, is from having a thyroid problem.
And the thyroid makes you able to retain magnesium, which lets your cell shift over from mere energy production to anabolic muscle building.
Muscle building, yeah.
So the combination of an adequate magnesium in your diet and sometimes a thyroid supplement will suddenly let a man put on muscle.
Put on muscle, huh? So it's back to that old pesky thyroid again.
Here's an email from Hussein in Dallas, Texas.
What should I do about bloating? I drink orange juice with collagen every day, stay away from poofers as much as I can, incorporate dairy and drink milk and I use Progest-D before I go to sleep.
Also, how many bowel movements do you recommend per day? But he's still having some issues with bloating. What can he look at?
Some people have a problem with manufactured gelatin. They might call it collagen, but collagen has to be extracted at a mild temperature and it usually costs something like $10 a gram.
Very expensive. They're really getting gelatin and the gelatin causes many people to get gas.
The gelatin does?
Yeah, partly because they might be taking too much or not dissolving it totally enough so that it is incompletely digested by your digestive enzymes, letting bacteria live on what you don't digest.
Here's an email, Doc, from Finland. Wow, Eric, he's in Finland. I'm curious about chlorine dioxide and its possible use in combating night COVID. How does it compare to the ivermectin and hydroxychlorine thing protocols?
What was the oxide?
Chlorine dioxide.
Oh.
Yeah, also known as miracle mineral supplement. You know that one?
Yeah. Even when it's been studied as an additive to treat city water, it has a slight carcinogenic effect. Chlorine compounds are always risky.
Yeah, so you're just not a fan of using that at all?
No, the prolonged general use, even at a very low level, do increase the rate of mutations in cancer.
In general, what are some things that people that are safe and a lot of folks take that in your experience, Dr. Ray Peat, you found to be not the best choice? Can something come to mind for you?
Oh, yeah, ascorbic acid.
Ascorbic acid. It is not a vitamin C guy at all, right?
Yeah, and the manufactured things, ascorbic acid and citric acid, and I think all of those supposedly simple sugar-based food additives, the way they're manufactured makes them very different from the natural substance.
I years ago found that I could detect the small amount of ascorbic acid that was added to breakfast cereal, bread, canned vegetables, bologna, places you would never expect it would cause migraine-like symptoms.
And still I could drink a gallon of orange juice or other natural source of vitamin C every day with no reaction.
Speaking of that, do I remember that you recommend, if folks get organic grass-fed milk if you can at the store, to do low-fat rather than full-fat? Is that true? Why is that?
If you're going to drink two quarts and more per day, you're going to get fat most likely on full-fat unless you're working on the farm.
But for me, though, if I wanted to gain a little weight, it's okay, I just do the full-fat stuff, right?
Sure, it's a good source of vitamins.
This is from Patrick in Lake City, Florida. "Do you know what I could be done for life? Home isn't a dog." Thank you. Oh, that comes up every now and then.
I think, as in people, it's basically a metabolic thyroid problem. And again, the calcium and vitamin D support for your thyroid metabolism are probably going to be helpful.
So get more calcium in the dog's diet, which would be bones, right? Maybe bones?
Well, the bones come with too much phosphate, and very often lead, cadmium and other things go into the bones. So cottage cheese is something dogs almost always like.
Oh, cottage cheese? That'll get more calcium in there. And what was the other substance that we like for lipomas?
Some vitamin D.
Vitamin D. So you could give a little bit of the vitamin D supplement that we take ourselves to them.
Yeah.
Does Dr. Peat think that homeopathic cell salts are a good way to get minerals?
A very expensive way. You get those same minerals just eating a regular diet.
As an addition to my previous question, Dr. Peat, polysocanols and their benefits. Polycosanol.
Yeah, polycosanol. Yeah.
And a lot of other sources. Wax. Very few people chew sugar cane. So another source is the leaf, the wax on green leafy vegetables. And on the cereal bran, it's a coating, waterproofing on plant material.
A couple more, then we'll let you go here and see if I can clean up a few of them from last time, if I can get to them.
Dr. Peat, why does or doesn't fructose from juice or fruit cause a fatty liver since it can only be exclusively being metabolized by the liver?
Jason, Feng, and others seem to be concerned about damaged liver from fructose.
That's just another myth. Our brain can metabolize fructose.
Boy, I tell you what, if I wake up in the middle of the night, which is often, nothing like a fresh squeeze orange juice and boy, that puts me back to Gaga Land pretty quick. What's going on there?
The potassium is one of the things that help us use the glucose oxidatively and so it stabilizes our blood sugar.
Or it's hard to find. Do you squeeze your own organic oranges? What do you do?
When we can get sweet organic oranges, otherwise we'll use unorganic and just be very careful about the peelings to not get any of the peeling material crushed into the juice.
Oh, so you think most of the cooties are in the peelings and not in the orange itself?
Most of it, yeah.
Wow, that's good news because you can get unconventional or conventional fresh juice a lot of places. It's hard to find organic fresh juice. Interesting.
Yeah, and often the organic oranges, because of the higher demand, they'll often be unsweet.
Unsweet, yeah. So we like the sweet ones. Well, Dr. Peat, thank you so much for being here. We appreciate it. Thanks for coming on the show once a month.
Okay, how is your show doing against the censorship?
Well, they put us in censor heaven on YouTube, but other than that we're doing okay. So we have BitChute and places, but thanks for asking.
Yeah, YouTube, they just knocked us off the planet there.
Yeah, what do you think your role is against the oppressors? Are you making headway?
I don't know, you know. I don't know. We just keep putting it out there and talking to folks like you and a lot of the things about the vaccine.
But, you know, Doc, even on Facebook you even mention vaccine and you get flagged. It's really challenging right now what they're doing.
I don't know if you saw, but Rand Paul put a whole video just about "don't comply," you know, that kind of thing. Don't comply.
And they brought down his YouTube video. They just, from YouTube, took it down.
So, you know, we do what we can, sir.
I think it probably is making headway.
Yeah, well, we're doing what we can. Thanks for asking. You take care of yourself and we'll see you in mid-September. Wow, it'll be fall. Thank you so much.
Okay, thank you. Bye.
Dr. Ray Peat. RayPeat.com. His newsletter is RayPeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
RayPeatsnewsletter@gmail.com. What a sweet man, huh?
Well, I've been drinking my grass-fed organic milk at the HEB here in Dripping Springs.
So I've been drinking that. That's kind of fun. And lots of orange juice. I don't know if you've ever really did the orange juice thing.
There's something pretty magical about that. But we can get organic oranges now. You know, you squoze them up.
So that's kind of fun. And if you haven't tried orange juice, I mean, I went most of my life thinking that orange juice had too much sugar.
But I sure don't feel that like that now. So it's kind of fun.
Okay, kids, well, we're going to have a little time off here and I will see you tomorrow.
We have Jet Blake. He's a philosopher, raconteur, quantum physics guy. Fascinating stuff. Jet Blake will be here tomorrow.
And then David Sirita. David Sirita is a really unique soul. We all are.
But he's a unique soul that is into all kinds of wild things and all kinds of stuff that I think you're going to like.
As far as vibrations and sounds and light. And then on Wednesday, Charlie Sewell is going to be here.
And Charlie has done quite a bit of research in the field of the lawfulness of people telling you what to do.
Injections, basking and all this stuff. And he's going to have some real solutions for you.
All we think that you can file and/or give to people.
And so we're going to cover that on Wednesday.
So thank you for your ongoing support. We have some great people.
If you have it in your budget to buy some things that are to help you, go on our website.
Look at all of the people that we know and promote and have for years.
And we think that you're going to find some good things there.
Because we know all of these people and we use it.
So it's good to know the people that you're spending your money with.
Okay. I love you all very much. Thank you.
We'll see you in the morning with Jet Blake at 10 o'clock Central Time.
Let me know if I can help with anything.
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com
Thank you. May the blessings be.
You're doing good. Crazy, but you're doing good.
Broadcasting from the beautiful hill country in Texas, this is Juan, RadioNetwork.com
One Radio Network, Texas.
[MUSIC PLAYING]